# 社区

Elixir 和 Phoenix 社区友好而热情。所有问题和评论都是有价值的，欢迎大家参与讨论！

有很多地方可以与不同经验水平的社区成员连接。

* 我们在 Libera IRC 的 #elixir 频道。

* 欢迎加入并查看 Discord 上的 #phoenix 频道。

* 阅读关于错误报告的信息或在 Phoenix 问题追踪器中开一个问题。

* 在 Elixir Forum 或 Stack Overflow 上提问或回答关于 Phoenix 的问题。

* 在 Twitter 上关注 Phoenix Framework。

Erlang 生态系统基金会的安全工作组还发布了关于 Erlang、Elixir 和 Phoenix [安全最佳实践](https://erlef.github.io/security-wg/web_app_security_best_practices_beam/)的深入文档。

## 书籍
* Programming Phoenix LiveView - Interactive Elixir Web Programming Without Writing Any JavaScript - 2023 (by Bruce Tate and Sophie DeBenedetto)

* Phoenix Tutorial (Phoenix 1.6) - Free to read online

* Real-Time Phoenix - Build Highly Scalable Systems with Channels (by Stephen Bussey - 2020)

* Programming Phoenix 1.4 (by Bruce Tate, Chris McCord, and José Valim - 2019)

* Phoenix in Action (by Geoffrey Lessel - 2019)

* Phoenix Inside Out - Book Series (by Shankar Dhanasekaran - 2017). First book of the series Mastering Phoenix Framework is free to read online

* Functional Web Development with Elixir, OTP, and Phoenix Rethink the Modern Web App (by Lance Halvorsen - 2017)

## 视频
* Phoenix LiveView Free Course (by The Pragmatic Studio - 2023)

* Build It With Phoenix video course (by Geoffrey Lessel - 2023)

* Free Crash Course: Phoenix LiveView (by Productive Programmer - 2023)

* Phoenix on Rails: Elixir and Phoenix for Ruby on Rails developers (by George Arrowsmith - 2023)

* Groxio LiveView: Self Study Program (by Bruce Tate - 2020)

* Alchemist Camp: Learn Elixir and Phoenix by building (2018-2022)

* The Complete Elixir and Phoenix Bootcamp Master Functional Programming Techniques with Elixir and Phoenix while Learning to Build Compelling Web Applications (by Stephen Grider - 2017)

* Discover Elixir & Phoenix (by Tristan Edwards - 2017)

* Phoenix Framework Tutorial (by Tensor Programming - 2017)

* Getting Started with Phoenix (by Pluralsight - 2017)

* LearnPhoenix.tv: Learn how to Build Fast, Dependable Web Apps with Phoenix (2017)

* LearnPhoenix.io: Build Scalable, Real-Time Apps with Phoenix, React, and React Native (2016)